docs: adds an installation guide (#479)
asyncapi/glee: docs/intro.md

---
title: 'Introduction'
weight: 20
---

> [Glee][https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) is a spec-first framework that helps you build server-side applications. It leverages the AsyncAPI specification to make you more productive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Glee](https://github.com/asyncapi/glee) is a spec-first framework that helps you build server-side applications. It leverages the AsyncAPI specification to make you more productive:
```
consider adding another paragraph explaining what actually `spec-first` means.

Reviewer 2: Glee operates on the principle of defining the API specification (AsyncAPI) before diving into the actual implementation of the application logic. WDYT?

> - It makes sure your code and AsyncAPI definition are on par, eliminating the problem of outdated documentation. Glee takes care of this automatically for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Glee ensures your code and AsyncAPI definition are on par, eliminating the problem of outdated documentation. Glee takes care of this automatically for you.
```
